vendor update opentelemetry-collector prom remote write (#5532)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Add two metrics tracking resource utilization calculated by utilization based limiter: #5496
  * `cortex_ingester_utilization_limiter_current_cpu_load`: The current exponential weighted moving average of the ingester's CPU load
  * `cortex_ingester_utilization_limiter_current_memory_usage_bytes`: The current ingester memory utilization

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: vendor update OpenTelemetry translator for exponential to Prometheus native histograms to implement downscale of exponential histograms that are over the native histogram scale limit of 8. #5532

Reviewer: [nit] Should we say what the user-visible change is and leave out the implementation detail? Something like this:

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: add support for ingesting exponential histograms that are over the native histogram scale limit of 8 in OpenTelemetry format by downscaling them. #5532
```

Author: yes, that's better, thank you!
